Come and try this Indian candy! This
type of candy requires a special technique to
eat. Normally,
you'd need a mortar and pestle, and then some
young teeth, some old teeth...
Ladies and
gentlemen, this candy has a
rather misleading appearance.
When you look closely, it seems
crunchy like a fried dough stick, but when you touch it, it's hard like a pebble.
But just put it in your mouth and let it melt,
and you'll
feel it. This is Indian coconut candy, a
melon candy. Ah, Nepal, Nepal... I predict how many people will finish
this! In
general, you can suck on it while you sleep
without worrying about it coming out. It's
extremely hard, not at all. It's
extremely hard.
This candy is not recommended for people with
dentures, missing teeth, cavities, gaps between teeth,
or any other dental problems. Oh wait, I mean, you
shouldn't chew it,
just suck on it. And even then, be
careful not to wear down your tongue, because if the candy doesn't wear down your tongue, it
's beautiful!  It looks beautiful, it
really looks beautiful, it really looks beautiful,
but every time I eat it, it's really...
Everyone, you have to bite into this,
a crooked piece of candy. Ms. Huyen,
how do you feel about this candy? This candy reminds me
of 45 years ago
[music].
Before, when they said, "If I could find
candies like this, I'd be so happy,
but I couldn't eat them."
This candy, I think, is very suitable for
babies who are about to get their teeth.
No need to put it in their mouths. That's right. I just tell them to
bite it. And then, as soon as I
put it in their mouths, they bite it. Ms.
Bac Thu and Ms. Trang, what are your feelings
about this Indian candy? I
can't even describe it anymore because it's
still dripping out when I suck on it.
Slowly admiring it is delicious. This is for teeth, Uncle
Tu, do you have dentures? Yes, I have dentures. I
think you'll give me some candy
to suck on, I'm
afraid I'll lose all my teeth.
Ms. Viet and Ms. Tuyet, have you ladies
eaten this candy yet? Yes, I have to...  Yes,
ma'am, I've got it well. This candy from the 1945s,
this candy could be similar to the
1945 famine, you can save it after eating it, you can
suck on it and then it tastes bland, you
eat it, you eat it, it's bitter, but I have to re
-identify it, ma'am, are you still
immersed in it? Have you finished it yet? I'm
very healthy, very healthy, but I still haven't finished it. Come on, ma'am, Ms.
Phuong
and my sister, come out! The two of us have eaten. Oh,
a piece of candy, little
girl. So you've finished it already? This candy is like a glue, the glue is sticky, so the glue is
very tight, not sticky, but you can eat it on your tongue, you
can eat it ...  They're called pebble
candy, rock candy, coconut candy, candy for when you're hungry,
candy to save, and many other things
too. Keep sucking on the candy.
[Music]
here
K